meetups.md, before:

## February

| Event | Category | Time | Duration | Location | 
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| [AWS Resources Tagging Enforcement using Tagging Policies and SCPs](https://www.meetup.com/melbourne-aws-programming-and-tools-meetup/events/298708932/) | AWS | 14/02/2024, Wednesday, 5:30 PM AEDT  | 2 hours | level 13/130 Lonsdale St | 
|[dbt Community Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/melbourne-dbt-meetup/events/297950536/)| dbt | 15/02/2024, Thursday, 6:00 PM AEDT | 2 hours |level 2/452 Flinders St| 

## March

| Event | Category | Time | Duration | Location | 
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| [Melbourne Serverless Meetup Group event for March 2024](https://www.meetup.com/melbourne-serverless-meetup-group/events/298877559/) | AWS | 07/03/2024, Thursday, 5:30 PM AEDT | 2 hours | 452 Flinders St |
| [AWS Melbourne Well-Architected User Group - March 2024 Meetup!](https://www.meetup.com/aws-melbourne-well-architected-user-group/events/299146967/) | AWS | 21/03/2024, Thursday, 5:30 PM AEDT | 2 hours | level 13/555 Collins St |

Commit message:

feat(diary): add Microsoft meetup

meetups.md, after:

## February

| Event | Category | Time | Duration | Location | 
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| [AWS Resources Tagging Enforcement using Tagging Policies and SCPs](https://www.meetup.com/melbourne-aws-programming-and-tools-meetup/events/298708932/) | AWS | 14/02/2024, Wednesday, 5:30 PM AEDT  | 2 hours | level 13/130 Lonsdale St | 
|[dbt Community Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/melbourne-dbt-meetup/events/297950536/)| dbt | 15/02/2024, Thursday, 6:00 PM AEDT | 2 hours |level 2/452 Flinders St| 
|[Chat with your data with OpenAI studio and Prompt Flow](https://www.meetup.com/melbourne-data-platform-user-group/events/298903286/) | Microsoft | 20/02/2024, Tuesday, 7:30 PM AEDT | 2 hours |  4 Freshwater Pl · Southbank, VI |

## March

| Event | Category | Time | Duration | Location | 
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| [Melbourne Serverless Meetup Group event for March 2024](https://www.meetup.com/melbourne-serverless-meetup-group/events/298877559/) | AWS | 07/03/2024, Thursday, 5:30 PM AEDT | 2 hours | 452 Flinders St |
| [AWS Melbourne Well-Architected User Group - March 2024 Meetup!](https://www.meetup.com/aws-melbourne-well-architected-user-group/events/299146967/) | AWS | 21/03/2024, Thursday, 5:30 PM AEDT | 2 hours | level 13/555 Collins St |
